feat(ResponseActions): Add option for persistent selections (#740)
patternfly/chatbot: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/chatbot/examples/Messages/Messages.md

```

> ### Message actions selection options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Message actions persistent selections
```

> By default, message actions will automatically deselect when clicking outside the component or clicking a different action button. You can opt-in to persist the selection by setting `persistActionSelection` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, message actions will automatically deselect when you click outside the component or on a different action button. To persist the selection instead, set `persistActionSelection` to `true`.
```

When `persistActionSelection` is `true`:

- The selected action will remain selected even when clicking outside the component
- Clicking the same button again will toggle the selection off, though you will have to move your focus elsewhere to see a visual state change

> - Clicking a different button will switch the selection to that button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The selected action will remain selected even when you click outside the component.
- Clicking a different button will still switch the selection to that button.
- Clicking the same action button again will toggle the selection off, though you will have to move your focus elsewhere to see the visual state change.
```
